okay well we got here it's 1988 GMC
Sierra 2500 series 4x4 older truck did a
lot of work maintenance wise to the
engine
take a look in here is it 350
as you can see brand new alternator
brand new battery Bosch a lot of the
sensors have been changed out it's got
new wires plugs distributor cap rotor
EGR IAC fuel pressure regulator for all
the position sensor new oil cooler lines
look at these right here those always
leaking on Chevy stuff all the fluids
have been changed runs drive stops
four-wheel drive works well I got the
exhaust welded up before I drove it up
here about a half hour 45 minute drive
and once I did that it started idling a
little rough
a nice new catalytic converter but will
still fire it up I'll Drive it around
first let's go around the body it's got
the normal Chevy issues camcorders
rocker panels will rusted out headliner
on the inside
then itself dance it a little bit it's
got some rust
yeah pretty much same on the other side
you can see the new results the back
half they got put up there the frame has
some surface rust but no holds the solid
frame overall not pretty
but a good functioning truck
start it up
so unfortunately it's a small lot but
you can see the drives goes through all
the gears transmissions good edge it's
good it's got a GM Goodwrench rebuilt
engine and four-wheel drive works